<h6>Introduction:</h6> The purpose of this project is to assess the rates of COVID-19 incidence on an ongoing basis and compare it with the rates of vaccine administration by region, vaccine type (where available), and vaccine lot number (where available).  This will allow public health officials to determine the correlation(s) between vaccine-administration and rate of COVID-19 infection, as well as if certain vaccines or lot numbers of the same vaccine perform differently than other vaccines/lot numbers. Accurate assessment of the relationship between vaccine and infection rate, could influence public health and health-related policies. 

<h6>Background:</h6>
Covid-19, the disease that is due to SARS-CoV-2 has upended the world on many levels[1]. In less than a year since its emergence, several vaccines were developed against it in a rapid-fire way[2] and are currently being distributed across the world [3]. In order to utilize the tools of this project, users will need to have a basic understanding of how to interpret publicly available infection and vaccination data. 
This project is highly significant because in order to reach an effective solution to COVID-19, it is important to understand the history and all of the variables in the course of this pandemic [4]. Since the vaccines to combat the effects of COVID-19 have been developed in a much shorter timeframe that other vaccines have traditionally been manufactured, the various considerations needed to assess vaccine safety and efficacy [5] are not as robust as they would normally be. This project will focus on addressing this issue by obtaining detailed vaccine information, which will help us understand if the various vaccines appear to be effective at mitigating its effects. Additionally, this project will reveal if there are varying degrees of efficacy/safety between vaccines and/or lot numbers of the same vaccine. This project will combine two sets of information - the rate of vaccination and the rate of infection of COVID-19, into one. It will allow officials to inspect, at a glance, the precise correlation between vaccination and COVID-19 cases. This unique way of data-presentation will make modeling the course of the pandemic in the presence of not only vaccines, but type of vaccine and possibly lot numbers, much more nuanced and informative, which can ultimately result in more robust public policy decisions.
<h6> User Classes and Charachteristics:</h6>
<br>The project is aimed both, at the general population, as well as public health officials and researchers. The general population is expected to only use the program on a superficial level – toggle between states. Officials and researchers will spend more time studying trends and running more in-depth reports and anlyses.
<h6> Operating Environment:</h6>
This  program will run on Odin, a Linux server hosted by the University of Nebraska at Omaha (UNO) (Linux odin 4.19.0-14-amd64 #1 SMP Debian 4.19.171-2 (2021-01-30) x86_64 GNU/Linux). It will use Python 3.7 as well as MySQL (Ver 15.1 Distrib 10.3.27-MariaDB, for debian-linux-gnu (x86_64) using readline 5.2)
<h6>Design and Implementation Constraints:</h6>
Since this program will be hosted on Odin, there will be a space constraint of 1GB. Additionally, since this program is relying on external reporting, the quality of the data will depend on the quality of the third parties’ reporting.
<h6>User Documentation:</h6>
There will be a Readme.MD on gituhub - this file right here!!! Additionally, on the landing page, users will be provided with instructions in plain text on how to use the tools in this project.
